Adding SQA for the SFP and cycles setting (#2151)
terrapower/armi: doc/qa_docs/srsd/reactors_reqs.rst

    :acceptance_criteria: Return neighboring assemblies from a given assembly in a core.
    :subtype: functional

.. req:: ARMI shall provide an ex-core composite to represent spent fuel pools (SFP) for spent fuel assemblies.
    :id: R_ARMI_SFP
    :status: accepted

>     :basis: A SFP data model is a fundamental concept in modeling pin-type reactors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :basis: A SFP data model is a fundamental concept in modeling solid fuel reactors.
```
